Reading additional input from stdin...
OpenAI Codex v0.144.3
--------
workdir: /Users/tomtim/Infra/mobile-work/ios
model: gpt-5.6-sol
provider: openai
approval: never
sandbox: read-only
reasoning effort: xhigh
reasoning summaries: none
session id: 01a044d0-ff5d-7b13-8af5-a172aa004b19
--------
user
DO NOT read any files or run any commands — answer purely from this prompt; everything you need is inline. Be concise and direct.
Review a new verification script I just wrote. Name what it fails to measure that its name implies.

CONTEXT
An iPhone app polls a personal server for a conversation's new output. Until today the phone's
receive path (PollClient) had only ever run against a mock. I wrote live-poll-check.sh, modelled
on two sibling tools, which:
  1. compiles the phone's REAL PollClient (product source, not a copy) into a small CLI
  2. stands up a disposable real TUI session on the production server
  3. polls once with an empty cursor and a 2000ms wait
  4. asserts outcome == success (the client's two-pass reader: a loose 'is this readable'
     check, then a typed decode over the SAME bytes -- both must pass)
  5. negative control A: bogus API key must yield unauthorized(401)
  6. negative control B: a nonexistent session id must yield sessionNotFound(404), and
     explicitly must NOT collapse into 'unreachable' (that would send the user to check
     their signal for a server-side fact)
All three pass against production.

WHAT I DELIBERATELY DID NOT PUT IN IT
'A reply to a message I just sent arrives.' A sibling tool already proves send lands by counting
the message in the real transcript file. I split the receive layer out on purpose.

ASK
1. The name says it verifies the receive path. With an EMPTY cursor and one poll, what classes of
   receive-path defect can this script never catch? Be concrete.
2. Is polling once with an empty cursor a meaningful assertion at all, or am I mostly testing
   that an HTTP endpoint returns 200-shaped JSON?
3. The two negative controls are auth and unknown-session. What third negative control would
   catch the most likely real regression in this specific path?
2026-08-27T20:02:23.559752Z ERROR rmcp::transport::worker: worker quit with fatal: Transport channel closed, when Auth(AuthorizationRequired)
2026-08-27T20:02:23.566529Z ERROR rmcp::transport::worker: worker quit with fatal: Transport channel closed, when Auth(AuthorizationRequired)
2026-08-27T20:02:24.172776Z ERROR rmcp::transport::worker: worker quit with fatal: Transport channel closed, when Auth(AuthorizationRequired)
codex
1. With an empty cursor and one poll, it cannot catch:

- Non-empty cursor encoding/parsing failures.
- Cursor advancement bugs: duplicates, skipped output, reordering, or replay.
- Long-poll wake-up failures when output arrives during the 2000 ms wait.
- Repeated-poll state bugs: cursor persistence, accumulation, cancellation, retries.
- Payload-semantic errors: stale output, wrong session’s output, truncated content, or a successful but empty response—unless content is asserted.

2. It is meaningful, but narrowly. It proves the real client can reach production, authenticate, call the endpoint, and decode its current success schema. Without asserting expected output and cursor behavior, it is primarily a live transport/schema smoke test—not verification that new output is received.

3. Use a malformed or invalid non-empty cursor against a valid session and API key. Assert the precise cursor/client error—typically `400`/`invalidCursor`—and explicitly reject both `success` and `unreachable`.

The name overstates the coverage: it verifies an initial live poll, not the stateful receive path. A valid second poll using the returned cursor would add more value than any third negative control.
tokens used
13,610
1. With an empty cursor and one poll, it cannot catch:

- Non-empty cursor encoding/parsing failures.
- Cursor advancement bugs: duplicates, skipped output, reordering, or replay.
- Long-poll wake-up failures when output arrives during the 2000 ms wait.
- Repeated-poll state bugs: cursor persistence, accumulation, cancellation, retries.
- Payload-semantic errors: stale output, wrong session’s output, truncated content, or a successful but empty response—unless content is asserted.

2. It is meaningful, but narrowly. It proves the real client can reach production, authenticate, call the endpoint, and decode its current success schema. Without asserting expected output and cursor behavior, it is primarily a live transport/schema smoke test—not verification that new output is received.

3. Use a malformed or invalid non-empty cursor against a valid session and API key. Assert the precise cursor/client error—typically `400`/`invalidCursor`—and explicitly reject both `success` and `unreachable`.

The name overstates the coverage: it verifies an initial live poll, not the stateful receive path. A valid second poll using the returned cursor would add more value than any third negative control.
