Reading additional input from stdin...
OpenAI Codex v0.144.3
--------
workdir: /Users/tomtim/Infra/mobile-work
model: gpt-5.6-sol
provider: openai
approval: never
sandbox: read-only
reasoning effort: xhigh
reasoning summaries: none
session id: 01a03e98-cf3d-7003-9b86-b14a29c339a0
--------
user
DO NOT read any files or run any commands — answer purely from this prompt; everything you need is inline. Be concise and direct.
Design decision. No file access; all inline. Terse, 2-4 sentences per answer.

You advised: "invest in wrong-target prevention and traceability: prominent session/pane identity, stale-pane detection, duplicate/replay suppression, and an audit trail showing exactly what was typed and when."

I MEASURED WHAT ALREADY EXISTS before building:
- Wrong-target prevention: ALREADY THERE and stronger than I assumed. Pane resolution verifies the tmux server identity matches, and verifies the registered pid's process START TIME is older than the registration mtime — i.e. it already defeats pid reuse. Falls back to a heartbeat only for pre-2026-08 registrations that lack identity fields.
- Audit trail: the request log deliberately records only vocabulary from a fixed constant set (route, reason, error slug). FREE TEXT IS DELIBERATELY DROPPED so message content never reaches the log. That is an explicit design choice in the code, not an oversight.

SO THE TENSION IS: your "audit trail showing exactly what was typed" directly contradicts an existing, deliberate "never log message content" rule. This is a single-user private tool; the log lives on the same Mac as the agent that could be prompt-injected and can read files and reach the network.

QUESTIONS:
1. Given the log sits on the same machine as a promptable agent with shell and network access, is an audit trail of typed content a net LOSS — i.e. does it create a new exfiltration target worth more than the traceability is worth? Argue the side you believe.
2. If some traceability is still worth having without content, what exactly should be recorded so that "what happened" is reconstructable? Be concrete about fields.
3. Deny-rule observability: I currently log only that a refusal happened plus the rule id. You suggested logging near-matches. What is a near-match concretely, and does logging them leak the same content the rule was written to keep out?
4. Duplicate/replay suppression: the phone can retry a send after a timeout, and the server has no idempotency key today. What is the minimal correct mechanism, and what breaks if I get it wrong?
5. Rank these four by value-per-effort for a single-user tool where the shipped controls already are: risk-tiered display, digest-bound second tap, server deny rules, EXIF scrubbing.
2026-08-26T15:03:17.874652Z ERROR rmcp::transport::worker: worker quit with fatal: Transport channel closed, when Auth(AuthorizationRequired)
2026-08-26T15:03:17.876834Z ERROR rmcp::transport::worker: worker quit with fatal: Transport channel closed, when Auth(AuthorizationRequired)
2026-08-26T15:03:18.640226Z ERROR rmcp::transport::worker: worker quit with fatal: Transport channel closed, when Auth(AuthorizationRequired)
codex
1. Yes: typed-content logging is a net loss here. It converts transient sensitive input into a durable, searchable history that a compromised agent could exfiltrate later; keep the deliberate no-content rule.

2. Record: request/idempotency ID, received/decision/send timestamps, device ID, resolved server/session/window/pane identity, identity-verification result, risk tier, confirmation result, route/reason/rule ID, retry count, final status, and uncertainty/error slug. Avoid excerpts, hashes, lengths, or other payload-derived fields that enable guessing or fingerprinting.

3. A near-match is a rule-specific score just outside the deny threshold—for example, one normalization step, token, or edit away. Log only rule ID, detector version, score bucket, normalization flags, and aggregate counts; logging matched substrings or excerpts recreates the leak.

4. Generate one random idempotency key per logical send, reuse it for every retry, and atomically persist the key plus target/payload binding and result. Reject key reuse with different inputs; bad atomicity, short retention, or marking completion at the wrong point causes duplicates or lost sends—tmux delivery cannot be made truly exactly-once across crashes.

5. Value-per-effort: duplicate/replay suppression first; content-free structured traceability second; prominent live target identity third; near-match telemetry fourth. Further stale-pane work is lowest priority because the existing identity and process-start checks already address it strongly.
tokens used
13,520
1. Yes: typed-content logging is a net loss here. It converts transient sensitive input into a durable, searchable history that a compromised agent could exfiltrate later; keep the deliberate no-content rule.

2. Record: request/idempotency ID, received/decision/send timestamps, device ID, resolved server/session/window/pane identity, identity-verification result, risk tier, confirmation result, route/reason/rule ID, retry count, final status, and uncertainty/error slug. Avoid excerpts, hashes, lengths, or other payload-derived fields that enable guessing or fingerprinting.

3. A near-match is a rule-specific score just outside the deny threshold—for example, one normalization step, token, or edit away. Log only rule ID, detector version, score bucket, normalization flags, and aggregate counts; logging matched substrings or excerpts recreates the leak.

4. Generate one random idempotency key per logical send, reuse it for every retry, and atomically persist the key plus target/payload binding and result. Reject key reuse with different inputs; bad atomicity, short retention, or marking completion at the wrong point causes duplicates or lost sends—tmux delivery cannot be made truly exactly-once across crashes.

5. Value-per-effort: duplicate/replay suppression first; content-free structured traceability second; prominent live target identity third; near-match telemetry fourth. Further stale-pane work is lowest priority because the existing identity and process-start checks already address it strongly.
