Reading additional input from stdin...
OpenAI Codex v0.144.3
--------
workdir: /Users/tomtim/Infra/mobile-work
model: gpt-5.6-sol
provider: openai
approval: never
sandbox: read-only
reasoning effort: xhigh
reasoning summaries: none
session id: 01a03e96-abe8-7751-ae22-c325526f7fd4
--------
user
DO NOT read any files or run any commands — answer purely from this prompt; everything you need is inline. Be concise and direct.
Design decision. No file access; everything inline. Terse. Answer each question in 2-4 sentences.

SETTING: phone -> Node server on a Mac -> the server types keystrokes into a tmux pane where an interactive AI coding agent runs. You previously advised, among other controls: "Delay destructive execution briefly with a cancel option."

WHAT I FOUND MEASURING THE EXISTING CODE:
- Once the server types into the pane, it is GONE. The agent's own input queue is owned by the agent's TUI; the server can neither read its contents nor cancel it. The existing "cancel queued sends" endpoint explicitly refuses when the session is open on the desk, for exactly this reason.
- So any delay must live BEFORE the server types, i.e. the server holds the text for N seconds and the phone can call a cancel endpoint in that window.
- The server already classifies risk from the LIVE PANE TEXT (approval prompts). But a plain outgoing MESSAGE is free text the user typed; there is no pane prompt to classify. I also just shipped server-side deny rules (regex over the outgoing text, refuse before typing).

QUESTIONS:
1. Given deny rules already refuse known-destructive text outright, does a hold-and-cancel window add real protection, or is it the same control with worse ergonomics? Argue the side you believe.
2. If a hold IS worth it, what should trigger it — deny-rule near-misses, a separate "hold" rule list, every message, or something else? What is the failure mode of each.
3. A held message means the phone shows "sending in 5s… cancel". If the phone loses connectivity during the hold, what SHOULD happen: send anyway, or drop? Both look wrong to me; which is less wrong and why.
4. The user is one person who typed the text himself seconds ago. Is "he might regret it within 5 seconds" a real scenario, or am I building for a threat that does not exist here? Be blunt.
5. If you would NOT build this, what would you build instead with the same effort, given the controls already shipped: risk-tiered approval display, digest-bound second tap for danger prompts, server-side deny rules, EXIF scrubbing.
2026-08-26T15:00:57.854050Z ERROR rmcp::transport::worker: worker quit with fatal: Transport channel closed, when Auth(AuthorizationRequired)
2026-08-26T15:00:57.878317Z ERROR rmcp::transport::worker: worker quit with fatal: Transport channel closed, when Auth(AuthorizationRequired)
2026-08-26T15:00:58.158240Z ERROR rmcp::transport::worker: worker quit with fatal: Transport channel closed, when Auth(AuthorizationRequired)
codex
1. A hold is a different control, but it adds only narrow “immediate regret” protection; deny rules prevent known hazards, while a delay merely gives intentional hazardous text five more seconds. I would not add a default hold because the security gain is too small for the constant latency and state complexity.

2. Every-message holds create fatigue; near-miss rules are brittle and confusing; a separate hold list duplicates the deny policy and will drift. If implemented, make it an explicit user-selected “send with delay” feature, or trigger it only for structurally high-risk actions that cannot receive a later approval—not arbitrary agent messages.

3. Drop it, clearly label it “expired unsent,” and offer one-tap retry. Retrying a dropped message is reversible; unexpectedly executing something after the user lost the ability to cancel is not.

4. Immediate regret exists, mostly for wrong-pane sends, accidental taps, or noticing a typo—not because someone suddenly rethinks a deliberate destructive request. It is a convenience edge case, not a serious security boundary; building a five-second delay as a major safeguard would be security theater.

5. I would invest in wrong-target prevention and traceability: prominent session/pane identity, stale-pane detection, duplicate/replay suppression, and an audit trail showing exactly what was typed and when. I would also strengthen deny-rule observability—clear refusal reasons, tested rule coverage, and logging of near-matches—while relying on the existing digest-bound approval for genuinely dangerous execution.
tokens used
23,122
1. A hold is a different control, but it adds only narrow “immediate regret” protection; deny rules prevent known hazards, while a delay merely gives intentional hazardous text five more seconds. I would not add a default hold because the security gain is too small for the constant latency and state complexity.

2. Every-message holds create fatigue; near-miss rules are brittle and confusing; a separate hold list duplicates the deny policy and will drift. If implemented, make it an explicit user-selected “send with delay” feature, or trigger it only for structurally high-risk actions that cannot receive a later approval—not arbitrary agent messages.

3. Drop it, clearly label it “expired unsent,” and offer one-tap retry. Retrying a dropped message is reversible; unexpectedly executing something after the user lost the ability to cancel is not.

4. Immediate regret exists, mostly for wrong-pane sends, accidental taps, or noticing a typo—not because someone suddenly rethinks a deliberate destructive request. It is a convenience edge case, not a serious security boundary; building a five-second delay as a major safeguard would be security theater.

5. I would invest in wrong-target prevention and traceability: prominent session/pane identity, stale-pane detection, duplicate/replay suppression, and an audit trail showing exactly what was typed and when. I would also strengthen deny-rule observability—clear refusal reasons, tested rule coverage, and logging of near-matches—while relying on the existing digest-bound approval for genuinely dangerous execution.
